[Music]
Hello, good afternoon, family. Well, you
've asked me a lot. I'm
going to give you the latest news
on Antonio Resines. You know that this
wonderful actor, who I love, is
very sick with the COB virus and
he's been contagious for two weeks now. He's been
admitted to the ICU at the
Gregorio Marañón Hospital in Madrid. His wife, Ana
Pérez Lorente, has been informing us, has
been informing the press about the
last few hours. And well, although his
health is serious, otherwise he wouldn't
be in the ICU, the
truth is that, despite his seriousness, he
remains stable. It's costing
the man quite a bit. You know that he's
had some pathology,
colon issues, respiratory issues, he's
had several health problems in
recent years and this is making his
recovery from COB a little more complicated. COB, and with all due
respect, this is very annoying,
very annoying, no. And well, we
hope that he recovers as soon as
possible. This fantastic actor, that we
have him soon in the  screens not
making us laugh and I know that everyone
is very worried about him well let's
put our hand on our heart so that he
recovers soon there are many artists such
as Santiago Segura who are
publishing on their social networks
photographs
with this great friend photographs where they
wish him a speedy recovery and everyone is
giving very good vibes we
will not be pending on what his
wife Anna Pérez Lorente says, who is the one who
is going out to speak to the press and
to release statements but for now I
tell you although he was in a serious condition that
obviously if it weren't serious he would not
be in the ICU you know that there are
many people who go through it
and it seems that they don't even realize that this
man and the truth is that he has become very
ill, we are very sorry, we hope
that we hope that the next time we
have to talk about him it will be to give you
some great news and good news and nothing
family a hug to the whole family if they
happen to see this video and wish them the
best family see you in the next
news
[Music]